# 260227

From: John S. Allen

Let me suggest that you prepare an article on a topic that the site needs to cover. 

Our main readership is with shop mechanics and home mechanics. 

- We are mostly interested in helping people in:
    - maintaining bicycles used for transportation, touring and recreation 
    - and in mechanical innovations which are practical.  
        - Not so much, esoteric racing machines and components
        - We have little interest in much from Campagnolo, SRAM Red, boutique wheels which require special spokes, etc. 

Here are some topics which I'd like to see the site cover:

1. e-bikes 
    - maintenance, repair, parts substitution. 
    - We have an article on cargo bikes and another on electric motor location choices in the works, but not much more. We want to cover ways that people can make e-bikes more practical for their daily use. 
    - We do not want to cover hacks to increase the performance of an e-bike illegally. 
2. New developments in derailers, cassettes and drivetrains in general. 
    - I saw the Shimano Cruise system at CABDA East in 2024, but don't have any experience with it. 
        - There may be other similar examples 
3. Disc brakes
        - we have a general article about them but no detailed info on maintenance, repair, interchangeability and nothing on hydraulic brakes.

And so forth. You may add to this list. What have you learned that you think needs explaining?

You know Javascript -- I want to update the gear calculator to separate out rim size from tire width. I can send you a commented version and instructions. This is not a big job. 

I have two other projects which involve programming: a different approach to spoke length calculations, going back to  the angles of spoke holes around the rim and hub, so this works with more spoke holes in the hub than the rim. some of this is at https://www.sheldonbrown.com/special-spoking.html but I haven't completed the more general approach. I have an Excel spreadsheet. 

About Web platforms:

The site is now, as you see, old-style HTML except for the announcement blog. Harriet and I can both edit HTML code, but also use WYSiWYG editors. The main issue we have with the old-line HTML platform is the difficulty in making global changes. We use includes, but they don't work in subfolders. 

Again, the advantage with Wikipedalia is that if they give us their source code for the entire site including the content, we can mostly just replace the German with English. We have done them such a huge favor in allowing them to use our content, that they owe us in return. Thanks for the link to David Koßmann. Where did you find it? We have been communicating with René Dumoulin, who sent us only the Wikimedia source without the content. 

Yes, all of the WordPress installations I work on are self-hosted: sheldonbrown. com/blog, also john-s-allen.com/blog, john-s-allen.com/bostonbiker -- those three which I built and maintain solely; also   cyclingsavvy.org and iamtraffic,org -- but I do not have deep knowledge of Wordpress. 

I would prefer that when we move the site over to a content-management system, ti be one that I know enough about at least to handle.

Issues of accessibility laws and European Union requirements are of concern. CyclingSavvy.org uses the Userway accessibility plugin, $500/year, and Iamtraffic.org, which is semi-dormant, uses the unpaid version. 

sheldonbrown.com has used the same ISP, netcetera,  since forever ,and I'm not sure (just don't know) whether it is the best deal. Harriet deals with it directly.  She gets charged for some maintenance which I think that other ISPs might get for free. My sites are on powweb.com, which has recently rolled into ipage.com.
