## Gear Ratio Calculator

`gear-calc.html` file provided to edit. (provided some comments in another verison)

I think that I understood what the functions are supposed to accomplish, but the code would not run, and I did not find time to struggle with the JavaScript to make it work. I would have to learn more about JavaScript for it to make sense for me to spend time on this. 

Here is the page with the calculator in its current form: 

- [https://www.sheldonbrown.com/gear-calc.html](https://www.sheldonbrown.com/gear-calc.html)

1. What I want to do is to change the line:
    - "Wheel Size to read "Rim diameter"  [DONE]
    - and add another line under it, "Tire width". [DONE]

2. Then instead of having a different entry for each tire width at the same rim diameter
    - the total diameter is calculated as the rim diameter + 2x tire width
        - This is not exact but it is very close. 

NOTE: Total diameter also depends on inflation and tread depth. 

- There is too much statistical variation to justify more precise calculations. 
    - I have done roll-out tests on dozens of tires of many different sizes and found this out
    - Anyone who wants 0.1% accuracy is going to have to do a roll-out test or GPS comparison anyway.
- It might make sense to refine the calculation later to account for tread depth and inflation, but not now. 

3. In the commented version, I have converted the wheel diameter list to rim diameters. [DONE, by John]

- As you can see in the code, the data for wheel diameter is entered as
    - text in inch measurements and 
    - then parsed into numbers. 

A new list might be created for tire width, with entries to go into the "Tire Width" field such as 

```c
<option value="0.984"> 25 mm</option>

and

<option value="1.000"> 1 inch</option>
```

This way, the calculator could take width entries in both millimeters and inches. 

But for now you might just start with the ability to enter width in millimeters. 

- I can ask people to look up inch widths in a conversion table.  
- Allowing decimal numbers should still all complaints. 


